README.md, before:

![Header](breakout-dark.svg)
# Hi there 👋

I'm **Akinkunmi Afolabi** - GitHub Support Engineer passionate about helping developers succeed.

## 🚀 What I'm up to

- 🔧 Currently working on improving developer experiences and solving complex technical challenges
- 📚 Learning advanced migration strategies and enterprise support workflows
- 💡 Fun fact: I can help you troubleshoot GitHub Copilot, migrations, and pretty much anything GitHub-related!
- 🎯 All I'm saying is; sometimes, all the world needs is someone to solve their technical issues. So let's fix it! 😊

## 🛠️ Technologies & Tools

![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Python-3776AB?style=flat&logo=python&logoColor=white)
![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/-JavaScript-F7DF1E?style=flat&logo=javascript&logoColor=black)
![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Git-F05032?style=flat&logo=git&logoColor=white)
![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/-GitHub-181717?style=flat&logo=github&logoColor=white)
![VS Code](https://img.shields.io/badge/-VS%20Code-007ACC?style=flat&logo=visual-studio-code&logoColor=white)

## 📊 GitHub Stats

![kunmi477's GitHub stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=kunmi477&show_icons=true&theme=dark)

## 📫 How to reach me

- GitHub: [@kunmi477](https://github.com/kunmi477)
- 💼 Catch me if you can

## 🌍 Fun Facts

- My favorite thing to automate is tedious manual processes
- I love clear blue skies and organized codebases
- Always ready to help fellow developers

<!--
**kunmi477/kunmi477** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I'm currently working on ...
- 🌱 I'm currently learning ...
- 👯 I'm looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I'm looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->

Commit message:

Remove GitHub stats from README
Removed GitHub stats section from README.

README.md, after:

![Header](breakout-dark.svg)
# Hi there 👋

I'm **Akinkunmi Afolabi** - GitHub Support Engineer passionate about helping developers succeed.

## 🚀 What I'm up to

- 🔧 Currently working on improving developer experiences and solving complex technical challenges
- 📚 Learning advanced migration strategies and enterprise support workflows
- 💡 Fun fact: I can help you troubleshoot GitHub Copilot, migrations, and pretty much anything GitHub-related!
- 🎯 All I'm saying is; sometimes, all the world needs is someone to solve their technical issues. So let's fix it! 😊

## 🛠️ Technologies & Tools

![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Python-3776AB?style=flat&logo=python&logoColor=white)
![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/-JavaScript-F7DF1E?style=flat&logo=javascript&logoColor=black)
![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Git-F05032?style=flat&logo=git&logoColor=white)
![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/-GitHub-181717?style=flat&logo=github&logoColor=white)
![VS Code](https://img.shields.io/badge/-VS%20Code-007ACC?style=flat&logo=visual-studio-code&logoColor=white)

## 📫 How to reach me

- GitHub: [@kunmi477](https://github.com/kunmi477)
- 💼 Catch me if you can

## 🌍 Fun Facts

- My favorite thing to automate is tedious manual processes
- I love clear blue skies and organized codebases
- Always ready to help fellow developers
- You can catch me playing chess on lichess @smith_1 or Kunmi477

<!--
**kunmi477/kunmi477** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I'm currently working on ...
- 🌱 I'm currently learning ...
- 👯 I'm looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I'm looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->
